Website content
The author reserves the right not to be responsible for the topicality, correctness, completeness or quality of the information provided. Liability claims against the author regarding phyisical or physical damage caused by the use or disuse of any information provided, including any kind of information which is complete or incorrect, will therefore be rejected. unless there are evidence of wilful intent or gross neglicence on the part of the author.

All offers are not-binding and without obligation. Parts of the pages or the complete publication including all offers and information might be extended, changed or partly or completely deleted by the author without separate announcement.

References and links
The author is not responsible for any external indirect or direct link to other websites as long as it is beyond his area of authority and he does not know the content or he is not technically able and it is unreasonable for him to avoid the usage in case of illegal contents. Herewith, the author explains explicitly that there were no illegal contents recongnizable on the sites which were to link at the moment of setting links. The author has no influence on the content, the copyright or the design of the linked sites at any time. Therefore references within the inline presence as same as for any postings or messages published by users of discussion boards, guestbooks, mailinglists or similar provided on his page. If illegal, wrong or incomplete content or any damage occurs by the use ore disuse of information presented, only the author of the respective pages might be liable, not the one who has linked to these pages.

Copyright
The author is anxious to attend in all publications the copyright of the used pictures, graphics, texts, audio and video clips, to use self-provided pictures, graphics, texts, audio and video clips or the make use of license-free pictures, graphics, texts, audio and video clips.

All registrered brands and trademarks mentioned within this Internet publication are subject to law on trademarks and related signs as well as to right of ownership. Trademarks and brands can be protected by rights of third party.

Published, self-made objects are copyrighted by the author. The reproduction and use of such graphics, texts, audio and video clips in other electronic or printed publications is forbidden without prior permission by the author.

Legal validity of this exclusion of liability

The exclusion of liability is to be seen as a part of the online presence. If parts or individual phrases do not conform the applicable law completely or partly, the other parts of the document remain thereof uninfluenced in their content and their validity.
